```
Events:
1. Need to validate that user pick a valid date.
2. Need to validate that there is a name before creating an event.
3. Need to validate that there is an address before creating an event.
4. Need to validate that there is a time before creating an event.
5. Adding a guest to an event and going back to invite guest to add other people, will deselect the inital added guest


Notification:
1. Needs an update in general


Maps:
1. Going from a different fragment to Maps will cause (Light and Dark Mode button & Danger zone button to apeear before splash plays
2. Maps Activity can't remember which mode (light/dark) it was previous on when changed going back to map fragment
3. Need a way to find destination


DangerZone:
1. Need to hide snapshot output when clicking on marker
2. Need to validate that user gave a name
3. Need a light color variant of the dangerzone button when user changes to dark mode
4. Need to figure out how to delete old markers\


Contacts:
1. Needs to allow current user to add, and delete friend


Settings:
1. Not sure if rahul wants his dark mode button to be a switch here
2. Change buttons cause it's too fat
3. Get submit button link correctly


User Account:
1. Clicking top left yellow button will send user to map activity instead of setting page
2. Changing home location will save before actually pressing save button
3. Don't need save button for home location if going to have another save
4. BIG PROBLEM (if u set home location to something new, then move back 1 fragment, and set it back to old home location)... it gets confuse and keeps setting it to both every other time)
5. BIG PROBLEM (if u set emergency to something new, then move back 1 fragment, and put a different emergency contact... it gets confuse and keeps setting it to both every other time)


Information:
1. Needs to get correct contacts
2. Needs to add more information


Submit Bug:
1. Get user email
2. Get user password
3. Hash custos password
4. Get submit function to work in background correctly
